Publish to self-hosted CocoaPods (#115)
THEOplayer/iOS-Connector: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - The connectors will now be additionally published to a THEOplayer hosted Cocoapods spec repo at https://github.com/THEOplayer/cocoapods-specs. We will continue publishing to the main trunk until EOL.

Reviewer: maybe also link https://blog.cocoapods.org/CocoaPods-Specs-Repo/?
add mention that "pls update your Podfile to start referencing the new repo too? (I assume we already have an example somewhere to THEOplayer, so we could also link that?)

Author: I will link the changelog we added in the SDK release, all details are explained there.

## [11.0.0] - 2026-04-16

### Added

> - The connectors will now be additionally published to a [THEOplayer hosted Cocoapods spec repo](https://github.com/THEOplayer/cocoapods-specs). We will continue publishing to the main trunk until EOL. For more info, please check [the SDK changelog](https://optiview.dolby.com/docs/theoplayer/changelog/#-features-1.).

Reviewer 2: This is not a stable anchor link. When we release the next 11.x version, this will link to the first "Features" heading of *that* version instead.

You can either link to the 11.0.0 heading:
```suggestion
- The connectors will now be additionally published to a [THEOplayer hosted Cocoapods spec repo](https://github.com/THEOplayer/cocoapods-specs). We will continue publishing to the main trunk until EOL. For more info, please check [the SDK changelog](https://optiview.dolby.com/docs/theoplayer/changelog/#-1100-20260416).
```
or to the migration guide, which also covers the new Podspec repo:

```suggestion
- The connectors will now be additionally published to a [THEOplayer hosted Cocoapods spec repo](https://github.com/THEOplayer/cocoapods-specs). We will continue publishing to the main trunk until EOL. For more info, please check [the SDK changelog](https://optiview.dolby.com/docs/theoplayer/getting-started/sdks/ios/migrating-to-theoplayer-11/).
```

### Removed

- Dropped support for iOS/tvOS 13 & 14.

> - The connectors will now be additionally published to a THEOplayer hosted Cocoapods spec repo at https://github.com/THEOplayer/cocoapods-specs. We will continue publishing to the main trunk until EOL.

Reviewer 2: This should not be under the "Removed" heading. 😉

Author: Done
